These Policies (hereinafter, the "Policies") govern the use of the services of the Internet Portal "http://www.jbn.gob.do" (hereinafter, the "Portal") of the governmental body "National Botanical Garden Dr. Rafael Ma. Moscoso" (hereinafter, "National Botanical Garden"), a governmental institution directly dependent on the Executive Branch, created by Law No. 456, dated October 26, 1976, with its domicile and main office at Av. República de Colombia corner Av. Los Próceres, Los Altos de Galá Sector, Santo Domingo, D.N., Dominican Republic.

1. Conditions.

Minors.- To use the Services that require the collection of Personal Data by the National Botanical Garden through the Portal, minors must obtain prior permission from their parents, guardians, or legal representatives, who shall be considered responsible for all acts carried out by the minors under their care.

Obligation to make proper use of the Portal and the Services.- The User agrees to use the Portal and the Services in accordance with the law, these Policies, the Terms of Use, the Specific Conditions of certain Services, and other notices and instructions made known to them, as well as public order, morality, and generally accepted good customs.

The User must refrain from obtaining or even attempting to obtain the Content using means or procedures other than those which, as the case may be, have been made available for this purpose or indicated on the web pages where the content is located or, in general, those commonly used on the Internet, provided that they do not entail a risk of damage or disabling of the Portal, the Services, and/or the content.

The User or third parties harmed by the receipt of unsolicited messages addressed to a plurality of persons may notify the National Botanical Garden by sending a message to the following email address: contacto@jbn.gob.do.

2. No License.

All trademarks, trade names, or distinctive signs of any kind appearing on the Portal are the property of the National Botanical Garden or third parties, and it may not be understood that the use of or access to the Portal and/or the Services grants the User any rights over said distinctive signs.

Likewise, the Content is the intellectual property of the National Botanical Garden or third parties, and none of the exploitation rights that exist or may exist over such content shall be deemed transferred to the User by virtue of the provisions of these Policies, beyond what is strictly necessary for the proper use of the Portal and the Services. That is, the User may view, copy, and store on their computer’s hard drive or any other physical medium, print, or reproduce the material available on this website exclusively for personal or private use, or for use within their company or organization, always acknowledging the ownership held by the National Botanical Garden, and it is strictly prohibited to alter, modify, or decompile its content.

The commercialization in any form and under any title of the material contained on this site is strictly prohibited without prior written authorization from the National Botanical Garden. This portal may contain information from other sources, in which case their consent must be obtained for reproduction.

3. Exclusion of warranties and liability.

Availability and continuity, usefulness, and fallibility.- The National Botanical Garden does not guarantee the availability and continuity of the operation of the Portal and the Services. When reasonably possible, the Governmental Body will give prior notice of interruptions in the operation of the Portal and the Services. The National Botanical Garden also does not guarantee the usefulness of the Portal and the Services for carrying out any specific activity, nor their infallibility, and in particular, though not exclusively, that the User may effectively use the Portal and the Services, access the different web pages that make up the Portal, or those from which the Services are provided.

THE NATIONAL BOTANICAL GARDEN EXCLUDES ANY LIABILITY FOR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND THAT MAY BE DUE TO THE LACK OF AVAILABILITY OR CONTINUITY OF THE OPERATION OF THE PORTAL AND THE SERVICES, TO THE FAILURE TO MEET THE USEFULNESS THAT THE USER MAY HAVE ATTRIBUTED TO THE PORTAL AND/OR THE SERVICES, TO THE FALLIBILITY OF THE PORTAL AND/OR THE SERVICES, AND IN PARTICULAR, THOUGH NOT EXCLUSIVELY, TO FAILURES IN ACCESS TO THE DIFFERENT WEB PAGES OF THE PORTAL OR THOSE FROM WHICH THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED.

Privacy and security in the use of the Portal and the Services.- The National Botanical Garden does not guarantee the privacy and security of the use of the Portal and the Services and, in particular, does not guarantee that unauthorized third parties may not gain knowledge of the type, conditions, characteristics, and circumstances of the use made by the User of the Portal and the Services.

Quality.- The National Botanical Garden does not control or guarantee the absence of viruses or other elements in the Content that may cause alterations in the User’s computer system (software and hardware) or in the electronic documents and files stored therein.

Accuracy, truthfulness, and timeliness.- LA OPTIC EXCLUDES ANY LIABILITY FOR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND THAT MAY BE GENERATED BY THE LACK OF TRUTHFULNESS, ACCURACY, AND/OR TIMELINESS OF THE CONTENT.

Legality, reliability, and usefulness.- The National Botanical Garden does not guarantee the legality, reliability, or usefulness of the services provided by third parties through the Portal. LA OPTIC EXCLUDES ANY LIABILITY FOR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND THAT MAY BE GENERATED BY SERVICES PROVIDED BY THIRD PARTIES THROUGH THE PORTAL.

4. Procedure in case of unlawful activities.

If any User or third party considers that there are facts or circumstances revealing the unlawful nature of the use of any content and/or the performance of any activity on the web pages included in or accessible through the Portal, and in particular the violation of intellectual property rights or other rights, they must send a notification to the National Botanical Garden stating the following:

Personal data of the claimant: name, identification number (or passport, in the case of foreigners), address, telephone number, and email address;

Specification of the alleged unlawful activity carried out on the Portal and, in particular, when it involves an alleged violation of rights, a precise and specific indication of the protected content and its location on the web pages;

Facts or circumstances revealing the unlawful nature of such activity;

In the case of rights violations, handwritten signature or equivalent, with the Personal Data of the holder of the allegedly infringed rights or of the person authorized to act on their behalf;

An express, clear statement under the claimant’s responsibility that the information provided in the notification is accurate and that the use of the content or performance of the described activities is unlawful.

5. Notifications.

All notifications and communications (hereinafter, the "Notifications") from the User to the National Botanical Garden shall be considered effective, for all purposes, when sent by courier to the following address: Av. República de Colombia corner Av. Los Próceres, Los Altos de Galá Sector, Santo Domingo, D.N., Dominican Republic.

6. Applicable legislation.

These Policies are governed in all their parts by the laws of the Dominican Republic.

7. Jurisdiction.

The National Botanical Garden and the User, expressly waiving any other jurisdiction, submit to the courts of the Dominican Republic. For any suggestions or collaboration proposals, please write to us at contacto@jbn.gob.do.