These terms of use (hereinafter, the "Terms of Use") govern the services of the web portal "http://www.jbn.gob.do" (hereinafter, the "Portal") of the governmental body "National Botanical Garden Dr. Rafael Ma. Moscoso" (hereinafter, "National Botanical Garden"), created on April 26, 2014, under the direction of the Information and Communication Technologies Division (hereinafter, "ICT Division"), of the Governmental Body, a governmental institution directly dependent on the Executive Branch, created by Law No. 456, dated December 26, 1976, with its domicile and main office at Av. República de Colombia corner Av. Los Próceres, Los Altos de Galá Sector, Santo Domingo, D.N., Dominican Republic.

The use of the Portal grants the condition of Portal user (hereinafter, the "User") and implies full and unreserved acceptance of each and every provision established in the Terms of Use and the Policies published by the Governmental Body at the time the User accesses the Portal. Therefore, it is necessary for the User to carefully read these terms each time the Portal is used, since they may be modified without prior notice.

1. Purpose.- Through the Portal, the Governmental Body provides Users with access to and use of services, information, and content (hereinafter, the "Services") made available by the Governmental Body or by third parties.

2. Conditions of Accessibility and Use of the Portal.

1. Free nature of access and use of the Portal.- The provision of the Services by the National Botanical Garden is free of charge for the User. Notwithstanding the foregoing, some of the Services provided by the National Botanical Garden through the Portal may be subject to the payment of a fee, which will be established therein.

2. User registration.- In general, the provision of the Services does not require prior subscription or registration by the User.

3. Accuracy of information.- All information provided to the User through the Services must be accurate. For this reason, the User agrees to guarantee the authenticity of the data provided as a result of the requirements of the forms necessary for the subscription of the Services. Likewise, it shall be the User's responsibility to keep all information provided to the National Botanical Garden duly updated so that it reflects, at all times, the real situation of the User. In any case, the User shall be solely responsible for false or inaccurate information provided and for any damages that such information may cause to the National Botanical Garden or to third parties.

4. Intellectual Property.- All content of this Portal, whether texts, images, compilations, trademarks, logos, color combinations, or any other element, its structure and design, the selection and form of presentation of the materials included therein, and the programs necessary for its operation, access, and use, are protected by intellectual property rights, owned by the National Botanical Garden or by third-party licensors, which the User of this Portal must respect.

5. The User of the Portal must refrain from deleting, altering, circumventing, or manipulating any protection device or security system that may be installed therein.

3. Protection of personal data.- To use some of the Services, the User must previously provide the National Botanical Garden with certain personal data (hereinafter, the "Personal Data").

1. The National Botanical Garden will automatically process the Personal Data for the purposes and under the conditions defined in its Privacy Policy. The National Botanical Garden does not guarantee the absence of viruses or other elements in the Services provided by third parties through the Portal that may cause alterations in the User's computer system (software and hardware) or in the electronic documents and/or databases of the User's computer system.

2. The National Botanical Garden has adopted the security levels of protection it deems necessary and seeks to install the technical protection measures that become necessary. However, the User must be aware that security measures on the Internet are not invulnerable.

3. The National Botanical Garden may use cookies when a User browses the Portal's websites and web pages. The cookies that may be used on the Portal's websites and web pages are associated only with the browser of a specific computer (an anonymous User) and do not themselves provide the User's first and last name. Thanks to cookies, it is possible for the Governmental Body to recognize the browsers of registered Users (after they have registered for the first time), helping them avoid having to register each time they visit areas and Services reserved exclusively for them. The cookies used cannot read cookie files created by other providers. The User has the option to configure their browser to be notified on screen of the receipt of cookies and to prevent their installation on the hard drive.

4. To use the Portal, it is not essential to install the cookies sent by the National Botanical Garden, without prejudice to the fact that in such a case it may be necessary for the User to register each time they access a Service that requires prior registration.